<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Resource Group - AzAPI Replicator Module

This module replicates the behavior of Azure Resource Manager (AzureRM) provider resources using the AzAPI provider. It generates the necessary locals, variables, validations, and configurations to ensure exact behavioral parity with the original AzureRM provider.

## Purpose

When migrating from `azurerm_*` resources to `azapi_resource`, users lose all provider-level protections including automatic validations, defaults, and type coercions. This replicator module rebuilds those protections by:

- **Exact Replication**: Reproduces ALL AzureRM provider logic including validations, defaults, conditionals, transformations, ForceNew triggers, and CustomizeDiff behaviors
- **Validation Migration**: Implements all provider validations in Terraform native validation blocks for fast plan-time feedback
- **Sensitive Field Handling**: Properly manages sensitive and write-only fields using ephemeral variables and version tracking
- **ForceNew Logic**: Replicates resource replacement triggers including complex CustomizeDiff conditions

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: (Required) The Azure Region where the Resource Group should exist. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The Name which should be used for this Resource Group. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_subscription_id"></a> [subscription\_id](#input\_subscription\_id)

Description: (Required) The Subscription ID in which the Resource Group should exist. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_managed_by"></a> [managed\_by](#input\_managed\_by)

Description: (Optional) The ID of the resource or application that manages this Resource Group.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Resource Group.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: - `create` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for create operations. Defaults to 90 minutes.
- `delete` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for delete operations. Defaults to 90 minutes.
- `read` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for read operations. Defaults to 5 minutes.
- `update` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for update operations. Defaults to 90 minutes.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, "90m")
    delete = optional(string, "90m")
    read   = optional(string, "5m")
    update = optional(string, "90m")
  })
```

Default:

```json
{
  "create": "90m",
  "delete": "90m",
  "read": "5m",
  "update": "90m"
}
```

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_azapi_header"></a> [azapi\_header](#output\_azapi\_header)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_body"></a> [body](#output\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_locks"></a> [locks](#output\_locks)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_replace_triggers_external_values"></a> [replace\_triggers\_external\_values](#output\_replace\_triggers\_external\_values)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_retry"></a> [retry](#output\_retry)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body"></a> [sensitive\_body](#output\_sensitive\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body_version"></a> [sensitive\_body\_version](#output\_sensitive\_body\_version)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#output\_timeouts)

Description: n/a

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->